c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Query.dll.config
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Query.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Query.pdb
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\obj\Debug\Query.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\obj\Debug\Query.dll
c:\users\patrick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuerySuggest\Query\obj\Debug\Query.pdb
